Prepare release r1.1 (#190)
camaraproject/DeviceStatus: README.md

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available public release**.

<!-- following part left in for now but could be omitted going forward -->
* The latest available release is the [version 1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/r1.1)
  - API definition with inline documentation:

>     - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml)
>     - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml&nocors)
>     - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml) 

Reviewer: There is no device-status.yaml anymore ... how about the following (lot of source code, but looks quite nice when rendered):

```suggestion
The release r1.1 contains the following API definitions (with inline documentation):
- device-roaming-status [[YAML]](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status.yaml)
[[View it on ReDoc]](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status.yaml&nocors)
[[View it on Swagger Editor]](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status.yaml)
- device-roaming-status-subscriptions [[YAML]](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status-subscriptions.yaml)
[[View it on ReDoc]](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status-subscriptions.yaml&nocors)
[[View it on Swagger Editor]](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-roaming-status-subscriptions.yaml)
- device-reachability-status [[YAML]](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status.yaml)
[[View it on ReDoc]](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status.yaml&nocors)
[[View it on Swagger Editor]](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status.yaml)
- device-reachability-status-subscriptions [[YAML]](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status-subscriptions.yaml)
[[View it on ReDoc]](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status-subscriptions.yaml&nocors)
[[View it on Swagger Editor]](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r1.1/code/API_definitions/device-reachability-status-subscriptions.yaml)
```

BTW a hint: if you create temporarily a branch `r1.1` you can test the links ... you just need to delete it before you can create the tag ;-)
